Website Build Instructions for Codex
Visual Guidelines

Use a minimalist design: mostly white background, with accents in black and grey.

Text must use a modern, tech-oriented font (e.g., DIN Next).

Images and videos: always in black and white, with only one key object in muted orange or similar accent color (consistent with brand/video style).

Animations: use only when necessary, keep them simple and unobtrusive.

Ensure full responsiveness: optimize for desktop, tablet, and mobile.

Display the SiteScope logo in all relevant sections.

Videos: must play without sound.

You may insert relevant pictures and videos from the project folder, but you are not required to use all of them.


Context

Founder profile: Early-stage construction technology co-founder in Boston, MA.

Platform focus: SiteScope, a pre-construction platform for mid-sized U.S. general contractors in high-rise residential, commercial, and industrial sectors.

Core value: Generative and agentic AI that improves project pipeline, increases bidding success, and reduces risk in pre-construction.

Target Audience

CEOs, Business Development Leaders, and Estimators at small-to-medium U.S. contractors.

Tone and visuals: professional, authoritative, and tailored to their responsibilities and preferences.


Technical details

The website will be hosted on Amazon Amplify Hosting



Website Structure

Main Page

Product Page

Contact Page

Join Waitlist Page (button must be visually highlighted)

Two restricted sections:

Landing pages (not public).

Subdomain for agents (not public).

Main Page Content



Problem Statement:

“Demand is exploding—housing shortages, infrastructure rebuilds, and the race to net-zero.
But 80% of bids fail, and 30% of projects lose money. Bidding is broken. SiteScope changes that.”

Headline:

“Stop gambling on bids. Start winning them.”

Sub-headline:

“SiteScope helps mid-sized contractors find the right projects, assemble winning proposals, and cut risk—with secure agentic AI.”

Tagline:

Built by MIT alumni

Include a clear [Explore more] call-to-action.

Product Page Content

Section intro: “We are automating preconstruction with secure agentic AI.”

Three core pillars (aligned with video):

Find Projects – profitability scoring & best-fit analysis, bidding strategy, bid administration.

Estimation/Takeoffs (coming soon) – scope gap detection, risk sensing & risk pricing, local regulatory compliance risks.

RFP Response Generation – automated and intelligent.

Audience-specific value statements:

For Business Development: “Target projects that fit your strategy.”

For Estimators: “Never miss a requirement or scope gap.”

For Executives: “Improve win rates and reduce project risk.”

Place a prominent Join Waitlist button at the end.




Contact Page

Include a form with the following fields:

Name

Surname

E-mail

Phone number

Customer query (free text)

Form submissions must send an e-mail with all fields to: paveltk@mit.edu.

Join Waitlist Page

Headline:

“We are building the future of preconstruction. Sign up for updates below.”

Form requirements:

Input field for e-mail address.

Submission must save to a Cloud Firestore collection with this structure:

{
  "email": "<customer email>",
  "source": "general_signup"
}